What is he doing in the hotel now?
Said he had evidence
What evidence?
Don't you want to prove your identity?
I'll give you a chance.
You already knew that friendship is fake
That's your real daughter, right?
You made Song Yuanjiang appear as my biological father
Forcing me to sign the agreement, right?
You stole my story 15 years ago
And then she left me.
Why is that?
You know it all
Yes, I know it all.
I know it all
The person who really wants me dead is you
It's always been you
Now that you know
So what?
So did I.
I just want to know why you are doing this to me
Why? Because you deserve to die
Because you are a disaster
My Su family has bad words
My son is still sick because of you
The teacher said that you will definitely kill our whole family
I should die
Shouldn't you die?
Playing around outside with my mom behind my back
Do anything to make money
My sins are enough to put you in prison for the rest of your life
What do you mean by that?
People are doing it and the sky is watching
Your return home
Ah!